Come to the president
Employee come out
Lingling, you are looking for me.
Lingling
Who bullied you?
You tell me.
I'll help you out
It's okay, it's my own problem.
It has nothing to do with anyone else.
Linlin, you have always been so kind.
He has been bullied by others
You tell me and I'll judge it for you.
The truth is good, he bullied me
Don't fight for me, man with a tongue
I don't want to implicate you
Don't worry, I'll definitely let him come over and apologize to you. Get out
Xu Ziliang
Who is it? Vice President of the School Medical Society
Employee?
Is something wrong with this art festival?
I want to challenge you to challenge
I'm not participating
No, it has to be compared
If you win
Conditions are up to you
If you lose
Apologize to Lingling immediately
Why should I apologize to you and crazy women?
Xu Ziliang, I will definitely let you participate